---
layout: post
title:  "Why Chanl?"
categories: chanl idea inspiration 
published: true
author: philip
disqus: true
---


Why Chanl?
I first met Samuel Nyavor (Bubu) at the 2015 MEST-Vodafone hackathon, little did I know that i would be interviewing him oneday to be in MEST.

It all started while talking to my co-founder bubu  what he was currently up to. That’s when he introduced me to chanl. An app he said he wished to use to solve some issues he had using whatsapp(ie. administration). The idea sounded very big and necessary at the time because i knew that administration wasn’t only the problem with our current group messaging platforms. But also how streamlining conversation was another headache. One basically couldn’t easily know the heads and tail of any discussions within large active groups.

Over about a month i started working with Bubu on validating our initial assumptions that the current group messaging tools had some flaws with administration and having focussed discusion. Moving from one event to another and interacting with a whole lot of influential people we finally settled that having a prototype in place could be a best way to test and find out what people really needed within a group messaging tool.

All these activities has enabled us build a stronger team and helped with the
build process of chanl. We are happy to be working together and that a day will
come when chanl would be the tool for individuals and institutions to go to when reaching to their audience.
